>> Brian Holt: One of the things that we
haven't done so far but is interesting in
particular to React itself, is this idea
of what we call a higher order component.
Or basically a component that
has no display of its own.
It doesn't actually
show the user anything.
All it does is it encapsulates behavior.
So that's what HashRouter is here.
It doesn't actually show you anything, all
it does is it encapsulates this behavior.
In this case it's a router,
it can route from page to different page.
And so that's what HashRouter is,
that's what Match is.
They are considered higher
order components, or
behavior oriented components.
Which is kind of peculiar, but I think
ends up being a really cool abstraction.
So HashRouter is just saying,
here is my app.
And usually, your HashRouter is going
to be your route component, typically.
Then everything inside of HashRouter
is going to be displayed.
So it's going to display
out this particular div.
But let's say you have a navigation bar at
the top and that was at the top of every
single page, you can also put
your nav right here as well.
Nav, that can also go right there.
And then that would get built
out on every single page.
>> Brian Holt: Then we have this match
components which are interesting.
So this basically saying,
this is one particular route.
So anytime that the URL matches
this particular pattern,
the slash pattern which is the homepage.
And it matches that exactly.
Then display this landing component.
Now, why exactly?
Well if I have here, about,
and I don't have exactly here.
This is actually, still going to match.
Wait, hold on.
That's not what I meant.
So, it's gonna be about, and
let's say the URL is /about,
/about will still match the /.
Because it's going to match
everything to the left.
So if I have /about/me,
/about will still match that, as will /.
So that's why you need exactly to say,
I don't you to do like this fuzzy matching
business, I want you to just match.
And it has to match everything in the URL.
Did I sufficiently muddy up that water for
you?
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: I don't know, sometimes
that would be a desirable behavior for
you to do this matching.
Of like, match everything despite
everything that comes after it.
>> Brian Holt: But almost always you
want your homepage to be exactly.
Cuz otherwise that's going to
match literally everything.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about HashRouter,
because this is kind of a weird thing.
>> Speaker 2: Question, going back
again to the issue of using class and
extend,
>> Speaker 2: Versus just
the create component thing.
Any comment on why Facebook has
started suggesting using extend?
>> Brian Holt: We'll certainly talk more
about this tomorrow, but I think the thing
is that Facebook is not interested in
maintaining their own version of classes.
They're trying to cut down on
the size of the code base and
if they can get rid of create class, it's
just less code that they have to include.
If they get to use ES6 classes which
is already built into the browser,
that's probably a net win for
users, not necessarily developers.
Think that's the gist of why
they're trying to do that.
>> Brian Holt: And if that answer
doesn't make sense to you yet,
I promise I will explain it tomorrow.
>> Brian Holt: So HashRouter,
some of you may have seen this before and
experienced the #/ phenomenon
of routing in client-side apps.
Why people do this is,
obviously, this is ugly.
No one wants to do it this way.
However, your server doesn't
have to care anything
about what's going on on the client.
And the way I mean that,
let's say I have a django backend.
And I have a search term, every time I
add a URL to my frontend I have to go
into my django server and make sure that
that is routing directly to this app And
not only routing there, but
it needs to route to slash.
Because that's where
my app actually lives.
In other words,
you have to make your server aware of your
client side routing routes.
So you either have to
duplicate your routes.
So every time you add something
on the client side, you have
to duplicate it in the Python side, or
Ruby side, or Java side, or whatever.
Or, you have to have some
sort of fancy pants like,
I generated a JSON manifest
that both sides consume.
Both of which are less than ideal.
So some people just throw up their hands
and say I'm not dealing with this,
I'm just going to put #/,
which the url will still be routed here.
So if I put #/ here.
>> Brian Holt: Django
doesn't care about pounds,
it doesn't do anything with anchors.
That's actually what they are called.
It just always routes those to / or
whatever that URL is.
So it basically makes it so
you don't have to configure your server
to care about your client side routing.
That's why HashRouter exists.
It's a hack, but it is a useful hack.
For example at Reddit,
I say this with Django,
because that is literally
what I was doing.
This is what we had to do for a long time,
because we couldn't make our
server care about those URLs.
Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: If you can,
avoid using HashRouter.
But I wanted to show you that exists,
because some of us really just don't
have the option of using browser-router,
which I'm about to show you
how use browser-router.
It's way better if that
URL is just /search/term.
>> Brian Holt: And if you're using Node,
you really have no reason to,
because Node can consume
React Router routes.
>> Brian Holt: Which I will show you
how to do with universal rendering.
You look like you have a question.
>> Speaker 3: How do you
comment inside JSX blocks?
>> Brian Holt: How do you comment?
>> Speaker 3: Yes, I think seems
to be breaking a bunch of stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
this doesn't work, right?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah [LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: So the way you have to
do it, which is kind of hacky, but
it will already make sense to you.
>> Brian Holt: You need to put a
JavaScript block, and then this does work.
>> Speaker 4: The comment
is more expressive.
>> Brian Holt: And the other thing
is HTML comments don't work at all.
That doesn't work.
There might be a way to get that to work,
I don't know how to do it though,
cuz I don't need HTML comments.
That seems kinda counterintuitive.